I'll write out the following in a less scatter brain format in a few days as a general design document for everyone to reference going forward, not only to let everyone know what the plan is in an easy to access place but also to keep focused on what "problems" are, what the solutions are and what the progress on those solutions are. Primary concerns are the [next keen major patch] and [development work for missing features and framework], including but not limited to

>Writing and implementing a CTF game-mode utilizing physical objects (obviously with the help of klime/math and the usual other suspects, I'm not competent enough to do something like that on my own and will be occupied with other stuff but the short version is ball that orbits you until someone steals it by running into the ball or you bring it back to your own flag, capture it [x] many times in a row and that's it you win. If that doesn't work out I have back up plans.)

>Total Balanss)) Fixation on armor-first meta, the design notes will need to expand on this obviously but the current damage-per-shot-per-gun has spiraled comedically out of control, mostly because you need to concentrate a lot of damage into the relatively short window the enemy is vulnerable after their shields are overwhelmed. Focusing down how ships fight without any shields at all should resolve that specific point, we'll see how it goes. 

>Shields relegated to side-show events like Startrek/Halo/40k/homeworld/whatever for now

>General map "Design" to crush down straight-line distances. In general you shouldn't be able to fly in a straight line for any more than ten seconds at top speed. Speed and distance are both directly paid for by network load and accuracy, its mostly just physics. The slower and closer everyone is to eachother the better it will run. I'm not saying we're going to vanilla speeds, I'm saying your straight-line speed should be more or less irrelevant with a much greater emphasis on fire-and-maneuver which counts almost entirely on acceleration and good network/simspeed performance. A single mistake should result in a bruised face and a better plan, not instant TK0 loss because your funny immunity bubble went away slightly faster. 

>Ideally work out how to spray decals on the blocker boxes

>Finally shitcanning all non-slimblock armor spam (laser armor being used to make up large portions of ships for example) by either removal or buffing with a point cost ("buster blocks" with a hole instead of haha funny non-deforming armor block with ??? resistances and ??? performance characteristics)

>Buffing the SHIT out of the thrusters [integrity/thrust] and increasing cost by a significant factor (why have 50 small ions when 5 will do? Free performance and network gains while also making your stuff look better and somewhat simplifying the question of where you're going to fit more than bare possible minimum thrust)

>Modifying rotation rate to better fit the narritive, looking into some kind of elite dangerous-like control method because lift-dragging your mouse a billion times to turn around in anything heavier than a volvo is cringe. Perhaps leverage unique cockpit types for unique control types (heavy cockpit is on-paper identical to a normal cockpit, but your control method is more world of warships like? There's some room for experimentation here if we get to it)

>Justify and invesitage the existence of the kinetic and energy armor, determine fully if its worth having four more armor block subtypes, investigate ERA-like replacements for "unique" armor types

>Set up and execute a bi-weekly patch schedule

**TL;DR:**
**The first plan is to hit the ground running with a ready-in-place modset with already tested features and balance, trending slower movement in rotation and translation, and more forgiving with less stuff that isn't armor on your grid, but the game runs better with superior network performance. Less sniping, more shooting and moving.**